Add documentation running coverage analysis. (#116)
kubevirt/kubevirt.core: docs/testing.md

ANSIBLE_TEST_PREFER_PODMAN=1 ansible-test units --docker
```

### Running tests with coverage analysis

> Coverage analysis produces a report about the code reached out by the tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Coverage analysis produces a report about the code paths covered by the unit tests.
```

It is required to bind mount the project as shown in section [Running tests with ansible-test](#running-tests-with-ansible-test).

> Run the test with `ansible-test` with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `ansible-test` with:
```
